# CardBot
Command line card game where the user plays the program in an attempt to be the first one to guess the missing card. Written in C.

# How to Play
The game starts with a set of 13 cards; you and the program are each given 6 random cards out of the set, and the 13th card is unkown. This brings about the objective of the game: to guess what the missing card is. You get to choose whether you or the program goes first. If you choose to go first, you'll be asked if you want to ask or declare. When you **ask**, you're asking if your opponent has that card, and they have to be truthful. If they have the card, they turn it over, and it's their turn. If they don't, then your opponent has to decide whether or not you were bluffing - **bluffing** means that you asked for a card you have in your hand. If they call you on your bluff, then the card you asked for has to be turned. If you bluff and the program thinks you're telling the truth, then it's your turn again. If you bluff and get called on it, then it becomes your opponent's turn. The other option you get when it's your turn is to declare - when you **declare**, you're making an attempt to guess what the missing card is. You only get one shot - if you guess incorrectly, you lose the game, but if you guess correctly, you win! The same rules apply to your opponent - they're allowed to ask or declare, and they can bluff when they ask too! It is to your advantage to try to win the game early on; the longer the game lasts, that harder it is to beat the program - after it knows a few of your cards, it gets pretty good at calling you on bluffs, guessing your cards, and declaring to win the game.
